[mouse squeaks ]
[penguins chirp ]
[all cheering ]
[screeches ]
♪ Adventure Time ♪
♪ Come on, grab your friends ♪
♪ We'll go to very distant lands ♪
♪ With Jake the dog ♪
♪ and Finn the human ♪
♪ The fun will never end ♪
♪ It's Adventure Time ♪
Yeah, you think you're
pretty way up there, but I can get you.
[speaking Korean ]
All right.
Let me just add three more drops
of explosive diarrhea...
[poof! ]
BOTH: Ooh!
Hey, Princess Bubblegum, when we
bring the dead back to life,
will they be filled with worms?
No.
lf my decorpsinator serum works,
then all the dead candy people
will look as young and healthy as you do.
Ahhhh-ahhhh-ahhhh!
Pick up that platter, tough guy.
FlNN: Old Mr. Creampuff?
[giggles ]
We used to date.
[squish! ]
Something's happening!
Come on! Come on!
Work!
Su...g-g-gar!
Algebraic! Wait.
Something's wrong.
Sugar! [splosh! ]
BOTH: Ohh! Aah!
[fwump! rattle! rattle! ] [moaning ]
Whoo-hoo!
[creak! ]
Hey, look!
The decorpsinator serum is working.
No! This is wrong!
They're not coming back to life!
They're still dead!
My decorpsinator serum
-- it's incomplete!
Rah!
Must eat sugar!
[grunts ]
You're grounded, Mister.
Oh, this is really bad.
They're going to be attracted
to the Candy Kingdom.
Why?
Because the candy people
are made of sugar,
you ding-dong!
Gimme some sugar, baby.
Aah!
Chew on this!
[giggles ] Good one, Finn.
Quickly! To the kingdom!
Get a life!
[bells tolling ]
All citizens of
the Candy Kingdom!
Report to the palace immediately!
Let's go.
The Princess needs us. Whoa!
[whoosh! ]
[candy people chattering ]
[zombies moaning ]
Hurry, sweet citizens.
All right!
You heard the Princess! Everyone in!
All right. No pushing. Come on.
Dude, what's up?
The Princess will
explain everything.
Tree trunks, get those hot buns
in here, girl.
Oh, I hope it's not bad news.
[clunk! ]
Did we get everyone?
MAN: All present and accounted for.
FlNN: Thanks, Manfried.
You're welcome.
Citizens, we are
assembled here in the candy
foyer for a momentous announcement.
Tonight, we are all going to
have...a slumber party!
What?!
[all cheering ]
Wait, what
about the zom--
go ahead and start partying!
[muffled ] But, Princess, the undead!
We'll be right back, everyone.
Whoo!
Finn, the candy
people can't know about the zombies.
Wha?!
lf they knew, they would flip out!
What do you mean, ''flip out''?
l mean they would
flip out!
Princess?
It's me -- Starchie
the Gravedigger.
l brought you a larger corpse shovel.
Uh, Princess?
Well, l'll just wait for you
here, then, by the Mausoleum,
with my back turned and my
defenses lowered.
[scrape! ]
[moaning ]
- Huh?
Sugar!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aah! Aah! Aah! Aah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah! [pop! ]
Candy people explode
when they get scared?!
Not telling the
candy people about the zombies
is so important that you need to
promise --
royal promise --
not to let anyone find out about
the zombies
-- ever.
Okay. Sure.
No, Finn.
You have to Royal promise.
Yes, I royal promise.
Now, I must
cloister myself in the lab and
finish the equation to my
decorpsinator serum.
You keep the candyfolk
distracted and ignorant.
Can you do that?
Yes, your highness.
Good.
Don't tell anyone
about the zombies --
never, ever.
Oh, wait.
Can I at least tell Jake?
Tell me about what, dude?
You know, about the
outbreak
of zom--
[chuckles ]
All right, what's going on?
Uhhh...uh, nothing at all, buddy!
[laughs nervously ]
Hey, dude, I think you
and Bubblegum are up to something.
Aah! [chuckles ]
What? No! No way!
Whoa!
You guys are up to something!
ls it some sort of prank?
Can I get in on it?
Who wants to play
''Truth or Dare''? Hmm.
Okay.
Chocoberry, you may choose
someone to ask a deep truth or a
saucy dare.
[French accent ]
Mr. Cupcake, truth or dare?
Dare.
l dare you to take off your wrapper.
ALL: Ooooooh!
[laughter ]
Hey, seriously, man,
l'm your bro.
Bros are supposed to tell bros
everything all the time.
What are you and Bubblegum up to?
ls everything all right?
Yep -- fine.
Everything is great.
[laughs nervously ] [crinkle! crinkle! ]
Except for that. Whoa!
l didn't know he was chocolate.
Jake, tr-r-r-r-uth
or dare?
Truth.
Do you prefer chocolate or fudge?
l can't eat chocolate
or fudge 'cause l'm a dog and
they would probably kill me,
but...hmm...probably...
Neither!
Finn, truth or dare?
Dare! Ha ha!
l dare you...
to tell me the truth about
what's going on in your mind.
What were you and Bubblegum
talking about when you were alone together?
ALL: Oooooooh!
Umm...uh...
the truth is...uhh...
You promised you
wouldn't frickin' tell anyone!
Oh, you're so cute, Finn.
Uhhh...
the truth is...
that l'd rather play ''dodge socks''!
[whip! splat! ]
l'm not playing ''Dodge Socks''
till you stop dodging my questions. Hey.
[sniffs ]
Old Mr. Creampuff?
lsn't he dead?
Uh, give me my sock back!
''Dodge Socks'' was a bad idea! Whoa!
Look, dude, just tell me what's
up, because you are crazier than
a cannibal tonight.
[thinking ] Oh, my goodness.
Princess hasn't finished the equation,
and the zombies are here!
l, uh... just want this slumber
party to be super-fun!
And if I did have something to
tell you, then I would,
in a second, and it would make my
life easier, unless there was
something stopping me,
like a promise, but there isn't,
so I won't, so it's cool.
Sugar!
What? You lost me.
Uh...hey...
you know what time it is?
Adventure Time? No!
Time for ''Seven Minutes in Heaven .''
- You're first!
- Really?!
Lady Rainicorn, in the
closet with Jake!
[speaking Korean ]
[laughs ]
[laughs nervously ]
Okay, okay, all right.
JAKE: But in seven minutes,
l'm gonna come out there and make you
spill your beans, Finn.
l can't hear you all
the way in heaven!
Sugar!
Must eat sugar!
[thumping ]
Um... does anyone else hear that?
What?
[chuckles nervously ] Hear what?
l-l don't hear anything.
[candy people murmuring ]
l hear something I don't understand,
and it makes me scared!
What?! No, Chet.
Everybody wait.
What noise?
You mean... thls noise?
[techno music thumping ]
Oh!
[laughs ]
Yeah! Dance it!
Bust it up!
Uh-oh-oh!
[moans ]
[panting ]
What is this game you are
playing at now, Finn?
Uhhh...
It's ''Blockado.''
[laughs nervously ]
The game of barricades.
Come on -- let's
block all the
entrances and windows.
[all cheering ]
Blockado!
All right, this is not
a permanent solution.
[gasps ] Think, Finn.
How can you keep everyone from finding out?
MANFRlED: Find out about what, Finn?
Manfried!
The talking piñata!
Your convenient appearance gives
me a great idea!
Everybody, grab a stick!
New game -- we're gonna
smash some piñatas!
What?!
Except for you, Manfried.
Oh, thank goodness.
Now, everybody don
these blindfolds.
Thanks, taffy girl.
[all cheering ]
All right, everybody, get together.
l'm hanging the piñatas.
They're all around you.
Smash the piñatas!
[all cheering ]
Yeah! Hwah! Hwah! Hyah! Wah!
[thwack! thwack! ]
Yeah!
You guys are on fire!
Ehh!
Mmm! Mmm!
Oh, it is so tasty.
We did it!
My improbable plan worked.
Whew! Annyong!
Seven minutes up yet?
[chomp! munch! munch! ]
Whoa!
[panting ]
What the nuts happened here?!
Oh, we killed all the
zombies that Princess Bubblegum
and I raised from the dead.
Really?! Huh?
J-Jake? What's going on?
Wha?
[gasps ] Finn!
Did you break your royal promise?!
Yeah, but... I mean, all
the zombies are dead.
The candy people won't freak out.
What's the big deal?
This is really, really bad, Finn!
You can't break royal
promises --
never, ever, never,
no matter what, forever!
[rumble! ]
The guardians of the royal
promise are coming for us.
[rumble! rumble! ]
[crash! ]
[both screaming ]
[robotic voice ] Finn the Human,
you have broken a royal promise,
for which the penalty
is trial by fire.
[foosh! ]
That's stupid.
Wait!
He's my friend!
lsn't there another option?!
Yes.
Because you care for the
promise-breaker, we will give
him a less-hot trial.
You must now answer...
[robotic voice ] Math questions!
Mathematical!
Finn, you're terrible at math.
Aww!
Now...solve thls!
[fwoom! ]
[rapid beeping ]
[groans ]
Oh. Wait, wait.
l thought of a better one.
Yes! ''2+2''!
Solve it or die.
Uhh...
4...right?
[both laugh ]
Oh. Correct.
[rattle! rattle! ]
[shatter! shatter! ]
FlNN: What's happening, Princess?
You defeated the
broken royal promise!
The gumball guardians are resetting!
BOTH: Whoa! Oof!
Slam-a-cow!
That was tops!
Who's not good at math?
l was all, ''4!''
4...4, 4, 4...
[gasps ] That's it!
The answer was so simple, I was
too smart to see it!
You're welcome.
''4'' is the last
figure I need to perfect my
decorpsinator serum.
[twinkle! pop! ]
Golly!
[candy people cheering ]
Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
This is messed up.
But sweet.
[speaking Korean ]
Uncle chewy!
Grandma!
Former dead relative!
Starchie!
Mornin'.
Man, you broke a royal promise?
You're nuts.
All's you had to say was that it
was a royal secret.
l know what's up.
l hope you grasp
the full consequences of
breaking promises.
Heck yeah!
lf I break a royal promise,
l get to fight zombies,
throw slumber parties,
awake gumball guardians,
and --
All right, all right!
And reverse death itself!
Oh, you are adorable.
But keep your promises, okay?
l will, Princess.
[gnaw! munch! slurp! chomp! ]
Starchie, you're not a zombie.
l can't help it.
Flesh is delicious.
You're delicious!
Oh! [laughs ]
Don't squeeze me. l'll fart.
[farts]
[swish!] Whoop! Huh?
Oop! Whoopee.
Cheers, Lumpy Space Princess.
[all cheering, laughing]
JAKE: Yeah! Bouncing!
Princess, this tea
party sucks in a big way,
but thanks for the invite.
Oh, don't worry, Finn.
The mallow tea ceremony
takes years to master.
Princess, I think I just now mastered it.
[splash!]
One more bounce. All right.
[grunts]
Tea-partying's hard, huh, Jake?
Oof! Yes.
What? No way. It's super-easy.
Lumpy Space Princess, you big faker.
You're floating, not bouncing.
Fine. l'll prove it.
Huh? Aah!
Oh, no! Oh, snap! [crunch!]
Aah!
Ah, lame. Sorry I bit your leg.
You're stlll biting me!
Oh, my gosh. Oh, right. Sorry.
Dude, your leg!
JAKE: This is... new.
Nothing ominous,
though -- just a bump.
Nah -- that's
no bump.
It's the early stage of the lumps.
ls it serious?
lt just means he's changing
into a Lumpy Space guy,
on account of my bite.
It's just like, um, you
know, werewolf rules.
Arrr!
Arr-arr-arr! Arr!
- Oh, no!
- What?
You think l'm gonna
turn all lumpy, like her?
Get outta here! Wha?!
Finn, I think l'm freaking out!
Calm down, bud.
l'll... l'll sock the lumpiness out of you.
PRlNCESS: Hey, now.
[grunting] Royal intervention.
Surely there must be an
antidote to the lumps.
Yeah, there's an antidote,
but you have to go
all the way to Lumpy Space to get it,
andJake has to use it by sunset.
What happens if he doesn't
take the antidote by sunset?
He'll be lumpy, like, forever.
LSP, please, can you tell
us how to reach Lumpy Space?
Yeah, I mean, there's a portal nearby.
l can show you whenever.
BOTH: Take us now! Take us now!
[stomach growls]
l should not have drank that much tea.
Don't go telling everyone
about this portal or whatever.
It's kind of a secret.
Where is it?
The portal is that frog and mushroom.
Ribbit!
Password, please.
Whatevers 2009!
Good day, Princess.
ls your father okay with
you entering Lumpy Space
with two... [creak!]
...non-lumpers?
Just say ''yes!'' Yes! Yes! Yes!
Yeah, whatever. Fine.
[slurp! whip! whip! whip!]
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aah!
Whoa! Lumpy Space!
So, where's the antidote?
- Hold it.
First, you should check out my house.
It's, like, kind of lame,
but way less lame than, like, your house.
Uh, can you skip to the part
where you'll tell us where the antidote is?
It's up there at make-out point.
That's so close!
We can run there in no... time.
Aw, what?!
It's like a million-mile fall into space!
Yeah, you have to travel
by car in my world,
or else you'll fall into the Lumpy Abyss.
LUMPY SPACE KlNG: Daughter!
Have you brought smooth
people into our domain?!
l had to, Dad.
l'm trying to help them.
So don't lumping yell at me!
What did you say?!
What did you just say?!
l said, ''lump off, mom!''
[shouting indistinctly]
[huffing]
- Uhh...
- What?!
- Vroom...vroom?
- Oh, yeah, I need to borrow the car.
You have made your mother cry
for the last time, daughter!
You are hereby banned
from using the royal car!
Shucks! I lumping hate them!
l'm really, really sorry, Finn,
but I can't help you, because my parents
are horrible idiots!
Don't you know anyone else with a car?
My friend Melissa has a car,
but she's dating my ex-boyfriend Brad.
Call her... now!
Hmm. Call ''BBF 66.''
[cellphone rings] Hello?
Hey, Melissa. What's up?
- What's she saying?
- l'm asking her! Geez!
Melissa, just listen.
MELlSSA: Have you
forgotten what day this is?
Melissa, l'm trying to
help out some friends.
Tonight is the weekly Promcoming dance!
- Oh, glob. I forgot.
- What'd she say?
Tonight is the weekly Promcoming dance!
It's gonna be so flippin' awesome!
LSP, we don't have time for this.
Ask for the ride, LSP.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Wha?!
[as LSP] Melissa, you
should totally drive us
to make-out point...
to make out with hot boys.
LSP, you're so
ba-a-a-a-a-d!
Be there in a
sec! - Bye-ah!
[cellphone beeps] Hmph.
[normal voice] Sorry, but
Jake's lumpiness is worsening.
Actually, I think l'm beating
it back with sheer willpower.
[pop!] Oh, my.
Yeah, whatever.
Just don't mess with my phone again.
Hey!
Ugh. Okay.
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
[up-tempo music plays]
Aw, Finn, this music ''ducks,'' right?
[Lumpy voice] Aw, I love this song.
We should totally T. P. Shawndala's house.
[normal voice] Gracious!
That was terrible!
Finn, if you can't save me from the lumps,
if I do turn,
if I become lumpy like them,
l want you to -- - It's
not gonna come to that!
But if it does, l'll bury you
beneath the nicest, most shadiest tree.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
l'm saying that if I go totally lumpy,
then I want you to get used to lumpy Jake.
What dld you thlnk I was saylng?
Oh, um...
[chuckles nervously]
Can't this car go any faster?!
MELlSSA: We're already here.
Hi, Finn.
We've been here for, like, five minutes.
Finally! Huh?
This doesn't look like make-out point.
This is Brad's house.
You wanted a ride to make-out point?
You think I want to make out with you?!
Uhh...
Well, maybe I do, but... wait!
l have a boyfriend, Finn!
[whoosh! clank!]
LSP, we got to hurry!
Jake's running out of time!
Hey, this is hard for me, too.
l mean, I used to eat
chili-cheese fries with Brad,
so there's gonna be a lot of
romantic tension on this ride.
BRAD: Hey.
Oh, Brad. [giggles]
You miss me yet, LSP?
Scooch over, Finn.
l'm gonna sit in the back.
This is it.
Let's go.
Wait. Watch yourself, Finn.
The guys who use the antidote up here
are notorious for being...
smooth posers.
What does that mean?
lt just means what it means. Hurry.
Get the antidote so we can get out of here.
Thanks, LSP.
Bu-u-u-u-mps.
Um... bumps.
Uh, yeah... bumps.
Aw, man!
[panting]
Hey, guys.
- Lookin' smooth.
- Really?
You think we're smooth?
Well, mostly you in the center, but yeah.
Why are you sucking up to us?
My best friend needs an
antidote for lumpiness.
Yeah, lumpiness sucks.
Hey, Monty, time's up, sphere hog.
My turn.
[zap!]
So, the antidote is in that
orb you were sitting on.
This orb ls the antidote, brah.
Can my friend borrow it?
Yeah, sure, as long as
you give it right back.
Ham-a-cow!
Thanks, fellas.
What's taking so long?
Did those smooth-heads give
you the orb already or what?
Wait!
ls this another ''friend'' of yours?
What do you care? Just give
him the antidote already
and stop being such a poser.
Sorry, kid. We changed our minds.
Why did you have to say all
those rude things to them?!
What? I was helping you.
Thanks a lot!
They were right about to
hand over the antidote!
You're welcome a lot.
You insulted them, and they got mad,
and now Jake's gonna be lumpy forever!
This is all your fault!
Wow. Now I know how you really feel.
l was just trying to help, but whatever.
[sniffles]
No. No, not ''whatever.''
[voice breaking] I know l
mess things up sometimes,
but l'm really trying,
and you're supposed
to be my friend --
not like the fake ones I have here.
So do what you want!
l'm going to Promcoming!
Are you coming or not, Lumpy Jake?
No.
Because no matter how
messed-up and lumpy I get,
thls guy never turns his back on me.
[lumpy voice] Oh, yeah. Right behind you.
Just got to turn my back on this guy.
Jake! It's almost sunset!
Jake -- didn't
save him.
l...
[growling, snarling]
l'll kill you,
Lumpy Spa-a-a-ce!
- MONTY: Jam on, man.
- Huh?
l thought you guys left.
We were drawn back by your Plaintive Wail.
We dig your directionless fury.
Um, thanks.
Respect. Here.
Pyoo! Take it.
Win your girl back.
Yeah, there's no girl.
But there ls still time to save Jake.
Do you guys know where Promcoming is?
Promcoming takes place
way down on that land lump.
FlNN: Awesome.
Do any of y'all have wheels?
Nah, we were all ditched
here, just like you.
Well, you think I could
make it to that land lump
if I jumped off this cliff?
- You kidding?
A smoothie like you will plummet
right into the eternal void!
What if I was lumpy? Could I float over?
No, no! It's too dangerous!
l'd say there's a 50/50
chance of you making it.
That's good enough for me. Now bite me!
- Are you crazy, man?!
- What are you talking about?!
Raaaaaaah! Aaah!
Aaah! Ooooh--
Yes!
l can feel the multiple bites
accelerating the lumpification process!
l'm starting to float!
Don't jump, guy!
l have to --
for my buddy.
Raaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Wow. He's insane.
[crash!]
l made it! And there he is!
Yeah, Promcoming. Yeah, cool.
Jake, l'm mostly lumpy now,
and I totally think you
should sit on this sphere.
- No! Hey!
- Sit on it!
[grunting] No!
Please, Jake! You're my best friend!
Just sit on the sphere!
Pshaw! I remember you.
You're just a smoothie-
wannabe-lumpy poser.
Sit on it! Before I turn completely lumpy!
- No!
- Oh, no!
l can feel the lumpiness
about to consume me!
[lumpy voice] Oh, yeah.
Being lumpy is the best.
Hey, stop talking to yourself, dumb guy.
Take your ball and get out of here.
Fine! I don't want you to have it anyways!
So I can't have it now, eh?
That's right! It's mine!
Gimme that ball!
No! You can't have it!
Give it to me!
- No!
l want it! Give it to me!
You want it that bad? Go get it, then!
Bumps!
Byahhh--
[babbling]
[gasps]
[normal voice] Oh, l'm not lumpy anymore!
Oh, no! Finn, buddy!
You got to sit on this!
- No!
You can't make
me, smoothi-- oof!
JAKE: [echoing] Finn?
Hey, Finn. Hey, buddy.
- Finn!
- Huh?
[normal voice] Hey, dude. We made it.
Man, there's something cold under my butt.
Oh! [laughs]
The antidote. Just in time, too.
LSP, l'm sorry I blew up at you before.
l didn't mean it.
l was just really stressed out.
You know, it's fine.
You and Jake can make it up to me
by dancing this last dance with me.
Sounds good to me. What do you say, Jake?
[lumpy voice] That sounds totally lame.
- [both gasp]
- [laughs]
[normal voice] I'm just
kidding. Let's dance!
[up-tempo music plays]
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ And the butterflies and bees ♪
♪ We can wander through the forest ♪
♪ And do so as we please ♪
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ To a cliff under a tree ♪